Add option to dynamically insert tool citations into MultiQC report (#2326)
nf-core/tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `singularity.registry = 'quay.io'` in pipeline template
- Bump minimum required NF version in pipeline template from `22.10.1` -> `23.04.0`
- Add ability to interpret `docker.registry` from `nextflow.config` file. If not found defaults to quay.io. ([#2318](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2318))

> - Add functions to dynamically include pipeline tool citations in MultiQC methods description section for better reporting. ([#XXXX](XXXX))

Author: Whoops thanks!

> - Add functions to dynamically include pipeline tool citations in MultiQC methods description section for better reporting. ([#XXXX](XXXX))

Author: ```suggestion
- Add functions to dynamically include pipeline tool citations in MultiQC methods description section for better reporting. ([#2326 ](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2326))
```
